Backlog:

✔ As a player I want to see the game selection when the terminal 
  comes up so I can choose my preferred game. 
  When I see the games immediately as the game terminal loads, 
  I will instantly be able to start selecting a game.

✔ As a player I want to use the game terminal menu so I can choose to play the Rock-paper-scissors game. 
  There will be an area where I can choose rock, paper, or scissors, and the computer 
  will generate its response once I have choosen mine. 
  A log of my wins and losses shouls appear somewhere on the screen.

  As a player I want to log in to the game terminal so I can access the games as a unique user. 
  Once I log into the game terminal, 
  the scores I make while logged in will be saved.

  As a player I want a game to keep track of wins and losses so I know what my winning history is. 
  The game will count the number of losses and wins and it will 
  update the total count each time I finish a game.
 
✔ As a player I want more games added to the terminal so I have a greater selection to choose from. 
  When more games are added, I will be more likely to 
  find a game that interests me.

✔ As a player I want a game to include a high score feature
  so I know what my best score is for the game. 
  Similarly to keeping track of wins and losses, I want a game 
  that keeps a high score so I know how good a player I am.

  As a player I want to use the game terminal to play the war card game. 
  When I select a card, the computer will generate its own and will 
  determine who won and adjust the score accordingly. 

✔ As a player I want to use the game terminal to play the 
  Slaps card game and Space Invaders. The games should keep the 
  highest scores recorded for the user if they are logged in. Once
  the user login is fully functional, high scores for all games should
  be recorded. 

✔ As a player I would like the User Interface to contain more features 
  so I can personalize my session while logged in. 
  I want to see whether I am logged in or not so I will 
  know if the game terminal will remember my scores. 

✔ As a player I want snake to be added to the game terminal so
  I have a fully functioning game to play..
  The game should function with no glitches and should
  give the user the option to quit when the game is over.

✔ As a player I want a Hangman game to be added to the 
  game terminal so I can play a fully functioning version.
  The game should allow a place to enter input from the user
  such as a letter and should act appropriately.

  As a player and solo game programmer I want to be able to add my own
  game to the game terminal. I would like to create
  my own custom game and be able to submit it to a 
  review board so my game can be processed and checked.

  As a player I would like there to be a menu 
  where I can select game categories so
  I can better find the type of game I
  would like to play. This will help me find
  a suitable game that I will enjoy and excel at.

  As a game poster of the game terminal I would like
  to know what phase of review my game is in
  once I have submitted it for review, such as
  review pending, approved, or rejected.

✔ As a player I would like their to be
  instructions or a tutorial for each game
  so I can read about how to play each game.
  This will help me to learn the rules and 
  understand the main concept of the game 
  before I start playing it.

✔ As an Investor for the game terminal
  I would like there to be a French language
  version of the product so it can be marketed
  to a broader audience. This will bring in more
  revenue for the product and its investor.





